Proof reading II (#733)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/complex_data_manipulation.rst

Manipulating data
#################

> In many cases, you need to do some complex operations with your variables, while Ansible is not recommended as a data processing/manipulation tool, you can use the existing Jinja2 templating in conjunction with the many added Ansible filters, lookups and tests to do some very complex transformations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many cases, you will need to perform complex operations with your variables. While Ansible is not recommended as a data processing/manipulation tool, you can use the existing Jinja2 templating in conjunction with the many added Ansible filters, lookups and tests to perform some very complex transformations.
```

Create dictionary from list
---------------------------

> In most languages, it is easy to create a dictionary (also known as map/associative array/hash and so on) from a list of pairs, in Ansible there are a couple of ways to do it and the best one for you might depend on the source of your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most languages, it is easy to create a dictionary (also known as map/associative array/hash and so on) from a list of pairs. In Ansible there are a couple of ways to do it, and the best one for you might depend on the source of your data.
```
